Assets/map.txt

Button rec: 
RecArea info: 
x: 300.000000, y: 375.000000, w: 200.000000, h: 50.000000

Button rec: 
RecArea info: 
x: 300.000000, y: 475.000000, w: 200.000000, h: 50.000000

Button rec: 
RecArea info: 
x: 300.000000, y: 575.000000, w: 200.000000, h: 50.000000

There are total 16 supported mouse buttons
Allegro5 initialized
Game begin
loaded font: Assets/Minecraft.ttf with size 30
loaded audio: Assets/Music/the_bruh_sound.ogg
loaded audio: Assets/Music/samsong_notification.ogg
loaded audio: Assets/Music/game_bgm.ogg
loaded audio: Assets/Music/enter_intro.ogg
loaded audio: Assets/Music/damage_effect.ogg
loaded image: Assets/concept_diagram.png
loaded audio: Assets/Music/you_win.ogg
loaded image: Assets/floor.png
loaded image: Assets/stone.png
loaded image: Assets/exit.png
loaded image: Assets/player_down.png
loaded image: Assets/player2_down.png
Game initialized
Assets/map.txt

Button rec: 
RecArea info: 
x: 300.000000, y: 375.000000, w: 200.000000, h: 50.000000

Button rec: 
RecArea info: 
x: 300.000000, y: 475.000000, w: 200.000000, h: 50.000000

Button rec: 
RecArea info: 
x: 300.000000, y: 575.000000, w: 200.000000, h: 50.000000

Change scene from MENU to MENU
All initialization complete.
7 frame(s) dropped
Assets/map.txt

RecArea info: 
x: 0.000000, y: 0.000000, w: 0.000000, h: 0.000000

loaded image: Assets/crystal.png
RecArea info: 
x: 151.000000, y: 722.000000, w: 42.000000, h: 42.000000

loaded image: Assets/player_up.png
loaded image: Assets/player_left.png
loaded image: Assets/player_right.png
loaded image: Assets/player_down.png
loaded image: Assets/player_die.png
RecArea info: 
x: 0.000000, y: 0.000000, w: 0.000000, h: 0.000000

loaded image: Assets/crystal.png
RecArea info: 
x: 0.000000, y: 0.000000, w: 0.000000, h: 0.000000

loaded image: Assets/crystal.png
RecArea info: 
x: 634.000000, y: 722.000000, w: 42.000000, h: 42.000000

loaded image: Assets/player2_up.png
loaded image: Assets/player2_left.png
loaded image: Assets/player2_right.png
loaded image: Assets/player2_down.png
loaded image: Assets/player2_die.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
loaded image: Assets/big_monster.png
Change scene from MENU to NORMAL_STAGE
3 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 308.500000, y: 627.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

RecArea info: 
x: 235.500000, y: 637.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 329.500000, y: 725.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

RecArea info: 
x: 560.500000, y: 721.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

75 frame(s) dropped
8 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
6 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 176.500000, y: 621.500000, w: 31.500000, h: 31.500000

4 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 220.500000, y: 506.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

8 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
4 frame(s) dropped
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 296.500000, y: 764.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 581.500000, y: 564.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 624.500000, y: 669.500000, w: 31.500000, h: 31.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 683.500000, y: 669.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 156.500000, y: 380.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 717.500000, y: 638.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

RecArea info: 
x: 629.500000, y: 543.500000, w: 31.500000, h: 31.500000

5 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 224.500000, y: 396.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

RecArea info: 
x: 180.500000, y: 335.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
4 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 98.500000, y: 369.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 226.500000, y: 480.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
15 frame(s) dropped
3 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 62.500000, y: 306.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

RecArea info: 
x: 77.500000, y: 417.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

4 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 165.500000, y: 505.500000, w: 31.500000, h: 31.500000

RecArea info: 
x: 134.500000, y: 480.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

RecArea info: 
x: 587.500000, y: 669.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
4 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 518.500000, y: 732.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

RecArea info: 
x: 410.500000, y: 648.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 463.500000, y: 320.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 583.500000, y: 711.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
7 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
4 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
5 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
9 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 561.500000, y: 123.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

5 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 496.500000, y: 619.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
7 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
4 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 198.500000, y: 333.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 587.500000, y: 669.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
10 frame(s) dropped
4 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 501.500000, y: 548.500000, w: 31.500000, h: 31.500000

4 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 141.500000, y: 378.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
4 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 501.500000, y: 604.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
6 frame(s) dropped
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
4 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 548.500000, y: 359.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

5 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
5 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 177.500000, y: 325.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
10 frame(s) dropped
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 140.500000, y: 423.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 339.500000, y: 254.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

9 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
4 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 472.500000, y: 445.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 389.500000, y: 498.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
4 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
4 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 216.500000, y: 472.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 328.500000, y: 246.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 566.500000, y: 339.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

4 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
RecArea info: 
x: 429.500000, y: 359.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
10 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
6 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
RecArea info: 
x: 581.500000, y: 333.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

RecArea info: 
x: 453.500000, y: 251.500000, w: 10.500000, h: 10.500000

loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
8 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
4 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
6 frame(s) dropped
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
14 frame(s) dropped
4 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
18 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
7 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
6 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
4 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
2 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
3 frame(s) dropped
1 frame(s) dropped
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/small_ammo.png
loaded image: Assets/fire_ball.png
Game end
